Drop foreman-release-scl and tfm-ror52 (#1571)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/nightly/3.6_upgrade.md

    yum clean metadata

> First install or upgrade the SCL release packages to add the rh-ruby25, and tfm repositories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First install or upgrade the SCL release packages to add the RHSCL repository:
```
